
=head1 NAME

PNI::Guides::GettingStarted

=head1 INTRODUCTION

Hi all! I'm an italian mathematician.  I really like Perl philosophy as Larry jokes a lot even if he is one of the masters of hacking.

PNI stands for Perl Node Interface.

It is my main project, my contribution to the great Perl community. Node programming is really interesting since makes possible to realize a program even if you have no idea about programming. 

Think about genetic researchers, for example. They need to focus on protein chains, not on what a package is. Maybe they can do an extra effort and say the world "variable" or "string" or even "regular expression" and that makes them proud, but they think about inheritance ... you know, not as software but as genetic.

They want things working and they need Perl ... but if you say L<Strawberry|http://strawberryperl.com/> they think about yogurt, not about Windows.

There are a lot of node programming languages (L<VVVV|http://vvvv.org/>, L<Puredata|http://puredata.info/>, L<Max/Msp|http://cycling74.com/>) but normally they target artists and interaction designers. I saw a lot of vjs and musicians do really complex programs with those software, and they never wrote a line of code.

This is my effort to provide a node interface that brings Perl power to people who don't know the Perl language.

=head1 DEVELOPMENT

L<PNI repository|http://github.com/fibo/pni-pm>

=head1 RESOURCES

L<PNI blog|http://perl-node-interface.blogspot.com>

L<PNI class diagram|http://goo.gl/MQ89f>

L<PNI node coverage|http://goo.gl/hfAoU>

=head1 SUPPORT

L<#pni IRC channel on freenode|irc://freenode/pni>

L<PNI mailing list|http://groups.google.com/group/perl-node-interface>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<PNI::Guides>

=cut

